Make dolos-parsers an optional dependency in lib (#1849)
dodona-edu/dolos: docs/docs/library.md

npm install @dodona/dolos-lib
```

> By default, the library uses parsers provided by `@dodona/dolos-parsers`. You can install them with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library uses tree-sitter parsers to process source code files. We've bundled a large amount of parsers in one package `@dodona/dolos-parsers` for convenience. Because this package is quite large (+400MB), we don't depend on this package. However, you can install this package with:
```

```
npm install @dodona/dolos-parsers
```

> If a parser for a specific language is not available in `@dodona/dolos-parsers`, or if the package is not installed, the library will automatically fall back to using the corresponding `tree-sitter-<language>` package instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library will automatically fall back on the corresponding `tree-sitter-<language>` parser instead, so if you're using this library only for a select number of programming languages you can simply install those tree-sitter parsers directly and the library will automatically detect their presence.
```
